I feel as I'm enjoying it and picking
things up a lot quick and I thought
would do Peters lovely is absolutely
lovely he's charming he's very
hard-working
it's that hard sort of time right now
it's all just steps to Peter but what's
great in a sneaky deal they're quite a
few things you kind of have doubts about
but there's not one thing I think I
won't be able to do it he's to what
standard I think that piece is going to
be that's a good and again a lot of it
is about your personality as well as
just your technique in your body
movements so yeah by working at it he's
coming out grads I can feel it moving up
my body it's about some Ernie Cup at the
moment you know I've danced in all eight
series of Strictly Come Dancing and this
year is going to be the most difficult
first week because they're only giving
us just over two and a half weeks of
trainings before we actually go out
there line from front of millions of
people